# base-project
Iteration 3:
This iteration, we spent the majority of the time refactoring our methods to just use our file system instead of the hashmap. The main issue we spent a long time working with is with hashing within the file to find account information at a certain line. When we type a username with many characters, sometimes the hash is negative, which results in an exception for Negative seek offset. We tried ways to make the value positive and to work with the negative value. We tried using BigInteger in order to take in a larger hashcode and represent the negative number as a positive number. Additionally, we found an error in readData. For the balance, we accidentally used parse integer instead of parse double. Since we got rid of our Handler classes in the second iteration, we also had to reorganize the rest of our tests and refactor some code in order to consolidate everything together under the Menu and Menu Test class. To fix a lot of minor errors, we include try-catch errors IOException. 
We suggest running the project with an empty file.txt because it takes on a lot of storage. As for user stories, our final product can does the following:
1. Present an option to login or sign up
2. Upon logging in, presents the following: deposit, withdraw, transfer, account settings, and exit
3. Within account settings, presents the following: account information, change username, terminate account

Within each function are various tests to check for functionality. For example, there is a test to determine if terminate account ran properly. Much of our Menu used scanner, making it difficult to create smooth tests. To account for this, we test throughout the functioning code utilizing plenty of error handling.

Iteration 2:
- this iteration --> We started off by getting rid of the Handler classes we had in our first iteration. The necessary information from those classes was put into BankAccount. Also, we realized that we ended up pushing code on development, but we went back and created respective branches afterwards and then worked on those branches. We worked on account persistance which involved using a file as a database of sorts. We then used a hashmap to access and maniupulate the accounts. We improved our account manangement by adding options to terminate account, editing their username, as well as logining in and out of accounts. We also updated our "menu screen" to better match the changes. The code does not currently run unfortunately. 
- next iteration -->  First we want to work on our code so that things run. We also want to do more test cases. We want to make it so that readData() and writeData() retrieve/write one account at a time from the file to improve security and efficiency. We're unsure of how the File.java class was used in the files lecture, and how to utilize it inout code. We think it'd be where we'd check if a file exists, but not sure what else it'd do. We would also like to add account types such as savings vs checkings.
- things that currently don't work: terminate account test case, login and logout aren't in Menu yet, ...
- our script is the same as before!\

Iteration1:
To start this project, we created a branch for each task (withdraw, account manager, deposit, transfer) as to prevent merge conflicts. After preliminary coding, we combined all code into the development branch. bankapp holds 5 files (BankAccount, Menu, DepositHandler, WithdrawHandler, and TransferHandler), and tests holds the respective tests. The BankAccount file manages the accounts by using a HashMap to store created accounts, and the file holds methods for deposit, withdraw, and transfer. The Menu file is the interface to run commands (deposit, withdraw, etc). The handler files for deposit, withdraw, and transfer execute the command only if there are no errors. We accounted for errors such as negative dollar amounts and excessive dollar amounts. In the test files, we check the functionality of the bankapp files. The BankAccountTests check if actions affect the proper account name. MenuTests checks if amounts properly update. The tests for the handlers properly checks if the accounted for errors do not impact the balance.

Currently, you can use the provided script to cd into the src file and run the commands. Running Menu provides the following user stories: deposit, withdraw, transfer, account, and exit. Based on our tests, we need to fix transfer so it can take in accounts. In the next iteration, we intend to continue working on the TransferHandler, MenuTests, and BankAccountTests. We could also maybe add a user story that logs in and out of accounts.
